ER
Previously in ER...
What's your son's name, Dr Benton?
He doesn't have one.
You get a full arrest you call an Attending!
You don't play the hero, you get help!
- Let's have a beer.
- Ok.
- Dr. Benton?
- Yeah?
Elizabeth Corday. Visiting
surgical lecturer and your savior.
Will you take Dr. Del Amico back?
I'm intimidated enough already.
- Anna, please.
- All right, Anna.
- If Dr. Minz calls, I'm on my way out.
- Okey-dokey.
Good night.
I have nothing to say. I agreed
to let you follow me on the job.
We can do that,
but no more interviews.
"Something New"
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
WMAQ-670 news.
Good morning, Chicago.
I'm Pat Cassidy.
It's hot, too hot!
Temperature's expected to press 100-
Son of a bitch!
What the hell do you think you' re doing?
Dr. Greene?
I'm sorry. I thought-
Don't stop. I'm okay.
I'm not stopping. I'm parking.
- On the street?
- I don't park in the garage anymore.
The place gives me the creeps too.
That's all right. That's not even a dent.
Nice car. Good color.
- You should use the crosswalk, Carter.
- Right.
You're in early.
- Wanted to be in before my med student.
- Your very own scut puppy.
Somebody to pick up my labs,
do a patient history...
...the occasional obligatory
rectal exam.
Someone to abuse.
No, this is completely about teaching.
The way Benton taught you?
Or even better.
- dread to parents of children
who will get sick this school year.
And with more than 100 viruses
floating around...
Hello?
Dr. Morgenstern?
Here. Come here, you.
David.
Little guy has a tendency
to get away from you.
Here, let me.
There you go.
Kerry Weaver...
...Katie Couric.
Katie Couric, Kerry Weaver.
So, David, how are you feeling?
Morphine.
Damn fine stuff.
I talked to Dr. Weintraub.
They're tapering your lidocaine.
The echo showed very little damage
to your myocardium.
I put...
...the nitropatch here.
Just as effective.
Most docs put it
on the patient's chest.
I say, why tear out those
little hairs if you don't have to?
I have some forms...
...that Billing sent down
for you to sign.
The CPT codes for the attendings
from last month.
They're always sending me this junk.
Forms, paperwork, duplicates...
...little perforated lines.
"Tear here. "
They must not know
about your heart attack.
If you want to look them over-
I never look them over.
Sign them for me and send them back.
- You want me to sign them?
- Sign everything.
Send everything back.
- You don't mind if I take over a little bit?
- Praise Allah, no!
I don't mind telling you...
...sometimes I have felt
like a sheriff with no posse.
Like a general with no...
...grunts in the field.
Like a lone shepherd...
...high up on a hill...
...no sheep dog.
I completely understand how you feel.
I'd like to take-
Everywhere you look
there's sheep, sheep, sheep.
Maybe it would be best if I stepped in
and took over some...
...administrative duties
while you're recuperating.
God bless you, Kerry Weaver.
God bless you.
Doug?
Ketchup or Tabasco?
With your scrambled eggs.
You want what some call a vegetable...
...or something more daring?
- You thought I left.
- No.
- Yes, you did.
- No, really. I didn't.
Okay, yeah, I did. But you kind of
did leave, technically.
That doesn't count.
If you'd gotten up a bit earlier, you
would've seen me here, sound asleep.
Well, some habits die hard.
Yeah, like you sleeping in.
- Like you not being there in the morning.
- That's an old habit.
Thank you.
Okay. I gotta talk to you
about something.
- Not another serious conversation.
- You said we didn't communicate.
- Now you're communicating too much.
- It's important.
- Can I have a drawer?
- What?
A drawer. Something you keep
your clothes in.
Something that I would keep
my clothes in.
- You never wanted a drawer before.
- Well...
...that's because I always
got up and left.
But now that I'm staying here...
If I could maybe just have...
...some place to...
...keep a new shirt...
- Yeah.
- ... or a nice pair of socks.
I'd settle for underwear.
You know, you could always just wash
your boxers out in the sink.
They'd dry by the morning.
Oh, my!
- So Morgenstern asked you to stop by?
- I had forms for him to sign.
Next thing you know he makes me
Acting Chief of Emergency Services...
...while he recuperates.
He's been under a lot more stress
than any of us realized.
Can I give Mrs. Crane another 50
of Demerol? She's agitated.
- Yes, I know. And yes, you can.
- Convention?
Tour bus.
They're waiting for their driver.
He ate bad eggs at Pulaski's...
...and now he's puking up his guts
in Exam Room 4.
Maybe we should talk
to Morgenstern's doctor. Who is it?
Emma Weintraub.
I already talked to her.
No PVCs, but chest pain.
They've scheduled angioplasty.
So you'll be filling in?
He asked me to fill in with some
administrative duties.
- As long as you don't have a problem.
- Only if I had to do it.
- Excellent.
- Morning.
- Convention?
- Tour bus.
- No kids, I hope.
- It's your lucky day.
Jerry, pull the QA and Ql data
for the past three months.
- You're kidding.
- Now!
- Morning.
- Morning, Carol.
- Sleep well?
- I did, yes. Thank you, Doug.
- Tour bus?
- Bingo!
I need to attend the executive committee
meeting for JCAHO's next visit.
And I wanted to know if you and Carol
could interview the candidates...
...for the new
desk-clerk position.
- Around noon.
- It'd be a pleasure.
Great. Just clear your selection
through me before you make a final one.
- Jerry, you going somewhere?
- Not that I know of.
- Dr. Mark Greene?
- Yeah?
- This is for you.
- Wait a minute. Who are you?
There's a name of an attorney inside
if you want to call for information.
What is this? A subpoena?
Oh, man.
You're coming in to the clinic
at 4, right?
Al!
Yeah, don't worry. I'll be there.
As long as I can come up with another
excuse to leave work early.
I wish you could tell Rozwell the truth.
That I have AIDS?
- It'd take him five seconds to fire me.
- Okay.
How about you have to pick your mother
up from the airport?
I've used that one.
One of our kids is sick?
All four have already had every
childhood disease known to man.
Your grandmother is sick,
and you have to see how she's doing?
Poor Grandma had a stroke.
Went to her funeral last month.
- That's horrible.
- I know, but it worked.
Got me the afternoon off.
I'd better get going.
Just make sure you get
this afternoon off.
Miss an appointment,
you could lose your meds.
- Yeah, yeah. Okay.
- "Yeah, yeah. Okay. " Okay?
Don't worry.
He's ready to come off the vent.
- You want to extubate him today?
- It's been three weeks.
- I think he's ready.
- What about a trial of CPAP?
He's almost at room air. Setting at 99.
- He says that's good.
- I know it's good, Carla, but...
...he could end up
back on a ventilator.
That's very unlikely.
I'll extubate him this afternoon.
What's wrong with you, Peter?
- Why are you so against good news?
- Carla, I just want to be sure.
You don't want to give him a name,
fix the birth certificate...
- It's gonna be Baby Boy Reece forever?
- We weren't even sure he'd make it.
But now we are.
The next ultrasound
could show bleeding.
And the sky could be falling too, Peter.
We need to get on with his life.
First thing I'm doing
is taking down those bunks.
Don't you even think about
arguing with me.
He's too smart for that,
aren't you, Skylar?
It was my husband's idea.
He had bunks when he was a boy.
Seven brothers. We had bunks all over.
- You never fell out?
- No. I was pushed a number of times.
Anna, you got a minute?
The nurse will be in with your
Ortho referral, Mrs. McClay.
And, Skylar, take the bottom bunk
for a while, okay?
Thank you.
Today's charts-
With patients, I'd appreciate
if you called me Dr. Del Amico.
- I didn't?
- Nope, you called me Anna.
I didn't mean anything. I've probably
called Mark Greene "Mark"-
- That would be wrong too.
- I'm sorry.
It's okay. What about the charts?
You've worked mostly Pedes
since you started? Hang on.
Did you disagree with my handling
of any of those cases?
You want to talk someplace else?
No.
- It's easier to go with what we know.
- Right.
You've done a Pedes residency but
are here on an Emergency residency.
I think you'd benefit
by working with adults.
I appreciate your concern...
...but I think
I can balance my own caseload.
Well, I don't know-
- Anna, the scut puppies have landed.
- You're not supervising my residency.
- Pediatrics, I am.
- Okay.
Adults you run by Dr. Doyle first,
then myself or Dr. Weaver. Okay?
You too, Carter.
- What? Run my cases by Maggie?
- That's right.
I've done quite a few more
ER procedures than she has.
And you are what year?
Technically, an intern, first year.
And she's second year. But I spent
half my internship teaching her.
- No, you didn't.
- I taught you one-handed knots.
- Big deal!
- Look, that's enough.
Is everybody clear about
who runs what by whom?
Yeah?
- Where are the students?
- Cafeteria.
Doug?
Anna was gonna take
these barfing twins in 5.
- Peter, you've met Elizabeth Corday?
- Yes. We've met.
Yeah, hi.
Would you assist her today?
Show her the ropes.
- I don't know my surgical schedule.
- Just in Trauma.
- Penetrating trauma, gunshot wounds.
- Yeah, sure. No problem.
I was to tag along with Mr. Campbell,
but he's got a kidney stone.
And seeing as Dr. Carter isn't
taking up your time-
No, no problem.
This is the ER right now, so...
Oh, lovely. Good.
Which one do you want?
I don't want either. I had plenty of
students back at CHOP. You choose.
Let's just go along gender lines.
I'll take the guy.
Hi, I'm John Carter.
This is Anna Del Amico.
Hi, Chasity Lee.
- Chastity?
- That would be as in Bono.
No middle T. Just Chasity.
And I'm George Henry.
Okay. You'll be with me.
Looking forward to finally doing my ER
rotation. My dad's a trauma surgeon.
I know there's a lot of scut work,
but I'm glad to finally be seeing patients.
John, I should mention that
I'm not all that interested...
...in working with patients.
Excuse me?
I'm getting my MD/Ph. D.
I finished med school. I've been doing
bench research for the past four years.
Patients just aren't all that helpful
to my research.
You haven't had any medical training
in four years?
You remember anything?
About the pathophysiology of disease?
- How to do a physical exam?
- No, not really.
I've been doing brain research.
Studying genetic markers
for Angelman's Syndrome.
You may know it as
"happy puppet's disease. "
It causes the afflicted
to laugh inappropriately and to...
...flap their hands like a puppet...
...on a string.
Get X-ray in here!
Please, it hurts!
- Caught a good one, didn't you, Ernesto?
- Oh, man!
This is Elizabeth Corday,
new surgical resident.
- It's a pleasure.
- People, what do we have?
GSW to the right chest.
Sixth intercostal space.
Got two liters of saline
in the field. BP's 100/60.
He's tachy at 120.
Pulse ox 95 on 10 liters.
This is her first gunshot trauma.
Let's run it by the numbers.
- I'm Miss Corday. And you are...?
- Ernesto Ruiz.
- You have a nasty hole near your nipple.
- Somebody call my mom, please!
You can tell her yourself
what you've been doing.
Primary survey. Assess the airway
and the respiratory effort.
No sign of tension pneumo
or cardiac tamponade.
Next, auscultation
of the heart and lungs...
...while palpating the carotid pulse.
- Do you know what sort of bullet hit you?
- Who is this?
Palpable carotid indicates a systolic
BP of 60. No muffled heart sounds.
Diminished breath sounds.
He needs a chest tube.
32 French. Let's move.
-9 mm.
- I beg your pardon?
- Possibly shot with a 9 mm.
- One of the semiautomatics?
Right. Entry wound is typical,
but the exit...
...is bigger.
The bullet yaws through 90 degrees.
- Cavity's larger than a. 38 special.
- Is that temporary cavitation?
Oh, God, no!
You need an AK-47 for that.
9 mm's low velocity.
Only 1200 feet per second.
Listen, when we get in there,
just stand back.
- Observe. Don't do anything.
- I don't know how to do anything.
So you've said.
Why are we here?
They didn't page us.
Henry, when you hear there's a good
case, you show up. Try to help.
They always let you stay.
Just follow my lead, okay?
- Horizontal mattress with 0-silk.
- Xeroform here.
The velocity of a. 45 automatic?
About 900 feet per second.
Doesn't deform or yaw.
- How do you do? I'm Miss Corday.
- How do you do? I'm John Carter.
This is my student, George Henry.
What have we got?
I can see we just put in a chest tube.
Probably a hemopneumothorax.
- What are you doing here?
- Just wanted to help out.
Less than 500 cc's of blood. Means they
won't have to do an exploratory...
- Move.
- ... thoracotomy.
- Don't need you.
- Didn't page you.
- If there's something you do need-
- No, there isn't.
Look around. There are four doctors here.
- Yeah, I realize that-
- I think we got it.
Check with Dr. Greene.
Right.
Okay. Henry, I think Dr. Greene
probably needs us.
Ma'am, let me have your feet.
- How much did you drink, Ethyl?
- I don't drink.
- I had a good job...
- Right.
- Good timing, Carter. Who's this?
- Mr. Henry, my med student.
You get to start with a good one, Henry.
Cops dropped off Ethyl Hayes,
found down in the park...
...but she didn't have a drop to drink.
Have you, Ethyl?
I don't drink!
Henry, teaching point.
Looks like a drunk,
smells like a drunk, she is a drunk.
Connie, get a CBC, chem 7,
blood-alcohol level...
...and a tox screen.
- What do you want us to do?
- Carter?
Hydrate with a banana bag, folate,
mag sulfate and thiamine.
And 50 of Librium for impending DTs.
Right.
And Carter, she's febrile.
So a gram of Tylenol rectally.
Rec- Rectally?
You heard him.
Glove up and dig in.
- Why is it so hot in here?
- Because it's so hot outside.
Isn't the air conditioning working?
Think you're hot? Those new candidates
are sweating like piggies.
- Only two left?
- Not counting the one they're with now.
- How were the others?
- Not a big hit.
Yeah, well, I didn't put my money on you
when you were interviewing.
- You bet on us?
- Sure.
- But you didn't bet on me?
- Nope.
Mrs. Styman, you've worked at several
other Chicago-area hospitals.
Nine other hospitals.
If that's what it says.
Why'd you move around so much?
Just curious.
- Did you ask them why?
- No, we just received your résumé now.
Precision. That's why.
- Their extraordinary lack of precision.
- Precision?
For example, this interview
was scheduled for 12: 15.
I arrived promptly at 12: 10.
However, the interview
didn't actually start until 12:26.
Eleven minutes late. Very imprecise.
Well, we've been a little backed up.
I thought so.
Next question.
Estelle Webb, 79.
- Fell down her stairs.
- I didn't fall down.
Please, help me.
- What's open?
- Not much. Try Curtain 2.
- Don't worry. We'll take care of you.
- Oh, thank you, dear. Thank you.
Vitals are stable. BP's 130/70.
Pulse 88, regular. Resps 16.
- Nice and easy.
- Oh, please, don't!
- It hurts!
- Where does it hurt?
Don't let her do it again.
- See you later.
- Thanks.
Please don't let who do what?
My sister.
She pushed me down the stairs.
You just rest.
We'll check everything out, okay?
Dr. Corday.
Dr. Benton.
We'll be operating today
with Dr. Sam Breedlove.
Breedlove? Invented the
Breedlove retractor, 1948?
- And he's getting on in years.
- Quite ancient by now, I should think.
- So I'll do most of the teaching.
- Really?
You might wanna pay more attention here
than you did in the trauma room.
I'll certainly bear that in mind,
Dr. Benton.
- Sam Breedlove.
- Elizabeth Corday. How do you do?
- Come again?
- I said, Elizabeth Corday!
I knew he was old,
but not that he was short.
- What did you say?
- I said I knew you were old...
- ... but I didn't know you were so short.
- Yes, yes. Always have been.
Salmon sperm, you say?
Yes, it's what I use in my research
as a carrier.
Obviously because it's
so easy to collect.
Obviously.
- Is your student hell as special as mine?
- What?
I drew blood of the guy in 4.
I'll take these samples to the lab.
- Great.
- I guess not.
I've got an LOL in Curtain 2. Claims
her sister pushed her down the stairs.
I want to get a social worker.
She needs an H and P.
Meet my student, Henry.
- No, I'm really not very capable.
- Take her history.
She doesn't have any
orifice-type needs, does she?
- The labs on the park lady are back.
- Thanks.
There's puking in the air today.
I'm on my third scrub top.
Need to move some patients here.
Seventy-year-old ALOC.
Seven-year-old in respiratory distress.
- What do you want?
- I'll take the 70.
I'll take the 7.
We don't need your résumé.
We've got your application.
I know I have it. I just...
I know I do.
If you want, you can bring it back.
No, I know what that means.
I'd like to interview now.
My name is Cynthia Hooper,
and I'm originally from Joliet.
My whole family's there,
but my parents have both passed on.
- So you have brothers and sisters.
- No, I don't have any.
Why don't you tell us
about your job experience.
I mean something that might apply
to the job here.
I've always been good with people.
Everyone's always said that about me.
When I was the cashier at the Ford
dealership, service and parts...
...I used to talk to all the customers
while I was processing their bills.
Is that what I'd be doing here,
handling the bills?
We have a separate
department for that.
Okay.
I have other skills.
- Telemarketing?
- I sold vitamins over the phone.
That's kind of
in the health field, isn't it?
No, I guess it's not really, is it?
They didn't even like me there.
Well, I got fired
because I wouldn't sell the...
...combo Vitapack to the old people
that we were supposed to call.
They didn't need vitamins. I mean,
it was just too late for them.
How long has he been coughing?
Just a slight fever, 100.3.
- We need a translator in here.
- I've called twice.
Probably bronchitis,
but it might be pneumonia.
Get a CBC and a chest film.
How long?
Has he had his shots? Shot...
We need a translator.
The second guy wasn't so bad.
Except he lied about his age,
previous job experience and high school.
He can do the job.
We need to see more people.
None we've seen seem to fit in.
All they have to do is answer phones-
It's more complicated than that.
Mark?
- Heather.
- Hi.
- Another water-polo accident?
- Yeah, it's just a bad sprain.
Looks like we're twins. Let me guess.
Racquetball? Rollerblading?
- You should've asked for me.
- I thought about it.
I have occasionally missed you.
- So how's your busy social calendar?
- Well, it's not as busy anymore.
- Yeah? Mine too.
- Should I just go on?
- I can see you're busy now.
- Well, I'm busy with patients.
- I'll see you.
- Fine. Great.
So who's my patient?
Laura Quentin.
Fainted at the car wash.
- Dr. Greene?
- Just a minute, Carter.
Hi, I'm Dr. Greene. You fainted?
Yeah. I think it was probably
just the heat.
- Has it happened to you before?
- No, never.
You don't have to call my parents,
do you?
- How old are you?
- I'm 18.
No, we don't have to
call your parents.
But we do have to run a few tests.
Okay.
Dr. Greene...
...Ethyl Hayes is-
Get a CBC, chem 20...
...serum glucose, orthostatics...
...and a pregnancy test, okay?
Ethyl Hayes' labs are back.
Tox screen was negative.
Blood-alcohol level was low, 0.5.
Let her sleep it off.
She's still slurring,
especially for that low of a BA level.
Maybe she wants a free meal.
- I'd like to run more tests.
- We get seven of these a day.
We can't save them all. Okay?
Give her some Jell-O, let her sleep
and move her out.
What if the cords are swollen
from intubation?
We're standing by with Vaponefrin.
What about apnea from brain damage?
His ultrasound was normal.
He's doing really well, Dr. Benton.
And already up to 4 pounds,
10 ounces.
You can hold him if you want.
Yeah, sure.
Go ahead.
Here we go.
That's my little one.
You're doing better now?
Look. He's smiling.
- Where's your student?
- He keeps disappearing.
I can't believe it.
He said he was incapable, but-
I'd take him at his word.
Has the social worker
called back on Mrs. Webb?
- The woman pushed down the stairs.
- Not yet.
Henry!
My throat's a little scratchy.
- This is Mrs. Webb's history?
- I wrote everything.
That's the problem.
There's 20 complaints.
"Back pain, earache,
bumpiness in her head. "
- I don't know what that means.
- Neither did I.
You can hear multiple complaints
but not chart them.
Now that you wrote them, we have to
check them. One moment, Mrs. Webb.
Good rule: If there's more than
3 complaints, odds are nothing's wrong.
- But I wrote them all down.
- I'll be there.
She'll be stuck here the whole night
having tests she doesn't need.
- I don't have to stay all night, do I?
- I like him. Very thorough.
Yes, he is very thorough.
- The social worker will be here soon.
- I can't go back to my sister!
No, they'll try hard to find
a new place for you to stay.
You want to smother me
with that pillow, don't you?
She tried that once before too.
Oh, Mrs. Webb.
How are you doing?
I'm okay.
Your labs came back.
You're dehydrated.
Have you had the flu or been vomiting?
Is there something else going on
that you haven't mentioned to us?
I'm just gonna take one more quick look.
Can you open up for me?
Laura, has your dentist mentioned
the enamel on your teeth?
I hate the dentist.
Yeah, me too.
He's not bipolar or schizophrenic,
but I can't figure him out.
Sure never seen this in a kid.
- I thought you could take a look.
- Sure.
He thinks I'm Sidney Poitier
in Lilies of the Field.
See? See?
If you're wearing a white coat,
then you must be the butcher.
That's not right,
not if you' re the pharmacist.
- Am I here to pick something up?
- They found him wandering the streets.
- BA and tox screen?
- Negative.
He's confabulating.
Complete short-term memory loss.
He has no idea who I am
every time I walk in the room.
The cook! I hope they have lima beans.
Oliver, I'm Dr. Del Amico. Remember?
And this is Dr. Carter and Mr. Henry.
- You're here in the hospital.
- I'm in a hospital?
Okay, if you say so.
Like Jimmy Stewart was in Harvey.
- You feeling okay?
- Sure, I feel fine.
- We'll be back in a little bit, okay?
- Okay.
Lima bean.
I think you're right about the psych
consult. But I'd call one down anyway.
I thought I'd wait on the CT.
See if it reveals anything.
It will. Probably a small lesion
in the mammillary bodies...
...and dorsomedial nucleus of the
thalamus, the mammillothalamic tract.
Associated with
Korsakoff's Syndrome...
...which causes retro- and anterograde
amnesia, thus, short-term memory loss.
And the confabulation.
Could have gone a lifetime
without a translator.
- Can I put in for extra pay?
- Yeah, just run it by Kerry Weaver.
Mr. and Mrs. Trujillo...
...Jesus' x-rays
didn't show anything specific.
Probably has bronchitis.
- Is he gonna be okay?
- He'll be fine.
We're giving him some antibiotics,
and we'll check up on him for a while.
- This is Thomas Anders.
- Department of Social Services.
- Where is he taking me?
- We'll talk on your way to Radiology.
- Back to X-ray?
- Ultrasound, this time.
Wait, my glasses.
- Here you go.
- Thank you.
And we've been trying
to track down your sister.
- Oh, no! Please!
- It'll be okay, Mrs. Webb.
- Jeanie, those slippers you gave me.
- I don't see them.
Maybe they're under the bed.
- Don't let them send me back there.
- Okay.
- Please don't let them.
- I know.
- They can't do it. I can't go.
- Let's get these slippers on.
- There we go. One more.
- Jeanie, please.
Okay. Go ahead.
Carol Hathaway filled me in
on the interviews.
Crackpots. But we'll break one in.
- She felt you should see more.
- I don't. Carter?
- Long as you're confident.
- Yeah.
- Where are you taking her?
- MRl.
- She's a drunk.
- Just to be sure. I did an LP.
And I think I need an MRl.
I ran everything by Dr. Doyle.
She agreed.
Let your student handle the transport.
Henry's collecting stool samples
on three abdominal pains.
- Can you page Henry again?
- I already did, twice.
Again.
- Here you go.
- Mark.
- I just checked in on Laura Quentin.
- Yeah, I saw her labs.
Urine specific gravity's low.
Mildly hypokalemic. Probably got the flu.
Actually, she's bulimic.
I checked her teeth.
The enamel's eroded, consistent with
the vomiting. No period in six months.
Took a lot,
but she finally admitted to it.
Let's rehydrate her.
Two liters of normal saline.
Turf her to Psych.
She doesn't want to go.
Doesn't want her parents to know.
I called the eating-disorders clinic.
There's no availability for seven weeks.
Nothing we can do.
- Thought you could talk to her.
- Won't do much good.
- Can't hurt to try.
- Look, I got a lot of patients, Carol.
- Come on, Mark. She might listen to you.
- We're an ER.
We don't manage chronic problems.
Her condition is chronic.
And if you have concerns about
other desk-clerk candidates...
...run them by me first
before you go to Kerry Weaver.
- Henry was right. There it is.
- That's the lesion?
- It's large.
- Yeah.
Come on. You're about to get your
first taste of giving the bad news.
Oh, hi. Well, you see,
I don't need a haircut.
You're not the barber, are you?
Oliver, I'm Dr. Del Amico,
and you're in a hospital.
Well, whatever you say is fine.
But I feel just great, see?
- Just like Jimmy Stewart was in Harvey.
- Oliver.
I need you to listen to me for a minute.
We took a picture of your brain.
You have a tumor on the right side.
You look like Carole Lombard.
She had a brain tumor.
- Oliver, it's very serious.
- Serious?
Are you saying I'm gonna die?
The people upstairs in Surgery will do
all they can. But we can't be sure.
I'm gonna die?
I'm gonna die.
Oh, God!
Oh, God.
What are you doing up here? You're
supposed to be on your ER rotation.
If I don't load the sequencing gel now,
it could ruin the whole experiment.
- Doesn't your ER rotation mean anything?
- Beyond its being a requirement?
What's all this stuff?
This is a plasma control with 10
micrograms of salmon-sperm carrier.
Would you like to see my linkage map?
Wait! Don't touch this!
This is ethidium bromide.
It can slip between your DNA,
cause a mutation.
No! Don't touch the Eppendorf.
Did you feed him yet?
I got stuck in the O.R.
Tabash says I can't try
until this evening.
Good. I thought I was gonna
miss the first time.
Listen, I'm on tonight.
But page me, and I'll come straight up.
- How's he doing?
- He's doing great.
But they're asking for a name.
- We gotta do this birth certificate.
- I guess we have put it off.
We? No. I had no idea
you could be so superstitious.
Well, neither did I.
So, what'll we do? Are we gonna
flip a coin? Reece or Benton?
Carla...
...we talked about it
and said it'd be Benton.
It's easier for the insurance.
We talked about it,
but we definitely did not agree on it.
That insurance reason
is an excuse.
You just want your boy
to have your last name.
- What's wrong with that?
- What's wrong with having my name?
I'm the one getting up at night
to feed him...
...change him,
rock him back to sleep.
Carla, I can do that too.
So you're just gonna move
into my apartment now?
We haven't talked about it-
No, because you acted like
this day was never gonna come.
He needs a family.
- Is that what you think we are?
- We don't have to formalize things.
If there wasn't a baby in the picture...
...would you see the two of us
as a family?
It's okay, Peter. I don't either.
22-year-old female,
GSW to the left upper chest...
...two IVs of saline in the field,
BP 100/60, pulse 110.
- O2, 15 liters by mask.
- Hey! Look out!
- Who is that guy?
- Checking for radioactivity.
- God, I love this job.
- Okay, let's go!
One, two, three.
Get her clothes off.
- What've we got?
- Gunshot wound.
- Two in one day?
- Honey, you haven't been here long.
- I can run it.
- Why don't I have a go at it.
Right. The usual investigations.
FBC, type and crossmatch four units,
and portable radiograph of the chest.
- FBC?
- Full blood count.
Run a liter of saline
and a gram of cephalexin.
Trachea's midline,
no jugular distention.
Strong radial pulse,
subclavian's intact.
- Pulse ox is 92 on 15 liters.
- BP's 95 palp.
Diminished breath.
She'll need a tube thoracostomy.
- A what?
- Chest tube.
Could you intubate, please?
Number 8 ET tube and suction.
I wonder if everyone
might slow down just a bit.
I think things will run more smoothly
with a little more peace and quiet.
- Anyone bleeped Dr. Benton?
- He'll like that. "Bleeping" Benton.
- Perhaps somebody could ring him up?
- Page, right? That's page Benton?
I got it.
- One percent lidocaine.
- All right, I'll get it.
Okay. I'm in. Let's bag her.
We're out. I'll get some from Supply.
Connie, get the lidocaine.
Anna, we need your help.
What is it? What happened?
He stopped breathing.
Pedes laryngoscope and a number 6
ET tube. Get ready to bag him.
- What happened?
- Dr. Corday just stabilized your patient.
GSW to the left upper chest.
Came in with a pressure of 100/60.
Received two liters of crystalloid.
Spun hematocrit is 34.
Gave a gram of cephalexin.
Placed a left thoracostomy tube
with 300 cc's of blood.
Missed the great vessels. Lucky girl.
- I guess you were paying attention.
- Always.
- Her sister died in 1984.
- That's right.
- So obviously her sister did not push her.
- Not recently.
- I'll kill her.
- Can't. She's borderline.
You can never get rid of borderlines.
Randi, call Psych for me.
I need a consult.
They won't admit until Medicine's
completed her evaluation.
I'm still waiting on eight tests.
You know what I've done for her today?
- She says you tried to suffocate her.
- She what?
Gratitude.
Have you seen Dr. Carter?
He keeps paging me.
Come with me.
You're about to do some babysitting.
Come on.
Hi, Mrs. Webb.
You remember Henry.
I asked if he'd had his shots.
They didn't know you meant vaccines.
They thought you meant any shots.
- I didn't think of whooping cough.
- It presents like bronchitis.
Thanks for stepping in.
Oh, God. Excuse me.
Malik, he was supposed to be up
in Neurology an hour ago.
We're on our way up.
Dr. Weaver needed some labs stat.
Get him up there now, please.
Hi, there! You're the ice-cream person,
aren't you?
You don't want to spill on that coat.
No, you're the pharmacist.
I have my toothpaste.
- Do you remember you're in the hospital?
- Hospital?
Is something wrong with me?
Dr. Greene, I need you
to sign a chart for me.
It's for that woman with slurred speech.
Did she finally dry out?
Not exactly. LP showed pleocytosis
and elevated gamma globulins.
MRl confirms she has
multiple sclerosis.
You order a Neurology consult?
- Yes.
- Good.
- I am now officially having a bad day.
- What?
The one non-puking kid I had
almost died of whooping cough.
I'm ready for a drink.
You want to join me?
I can't. What's your bad day?
Remember Chris Law?
His brother died.
The basketball player, right?
Well, that's what the process server
was about this morning.
He and his family are slapping me
with a malpractice suit.
It's a great world, huh?
First he beats me up,
and then he sues me.
Law didn't beat you up, did he?
Police said he had an airtight alibi.
That's what the police said.
But you don't believe them?
I don't know.
So, what happened
with your amnesia patient?
Kept forgetting he was dying.
I had to tell him five different times.
And after all that,
they give us this humiliation.
Wow, a paycheck!
Alleged paycheck.
The rich kids at CHOP would
blow it on poker the first night.
- Didn't think I'd care.
- About getting a paycheck?
No, I meant I didn't think money
would make that much of a difference.
Well, it won't
after I pay my landlord...
...the med-school bills,
my phone bill, the gas bill.
Should leave me about 4 bucks.
Oh, yeah. Me too.
- See you.
- Hey, Dr. Weaver.
- John.
I know I said I didn't need to be paid,
but it sure feels good. Thank you.
I'd hoped to catch you
before you got it.
I need you to endorse your check
back over to County.
- What?
- To cover disability and malpractice.
They issue one weekly,
and you sign it back to us.
- Endorse it back over to County.
- Right.
- Every week?
- That's what we agreed.
You didn't need to be paid?
Right.
All right. Thank you.
Pen.
- Been up to any of the labs recently?
- Why?
- Give me your shoes.
- What?
I said, give me your shoes.
They're radioactive.
You know how much they cost?
- Radioactive?
- Give him your shoes.
- I won't.
- Yes, you will.
Hey.
- He's really doing it, huh?
- Oh, yeah.
This boy is really doing it.
Only lasts a couple of minutes, though.
Then he gets really tired.
Listen...
...I thought about
what we talked about...
...and I don't have any more claim
on his name than you do.
I'd be happy with "Reece. "
I would.
Well, I thought about it too, Peter.
And I'd be okay with Benton.
So why don't we name him...
...Reece Benton?
Reece Benton.
Sounds a little formal...
...but we'll get used to it.
Reece Benton.
Yeah. Yeah, we will.
Dr. Greene.
Sorry to bother you.
Do you remember me? I-
- You're...
- Cynthia Hooper.
You've been hanging out here all day?
No. Well, I sat over at the diner.
Look, I know I'm out of contention
for the job.
I just wanted to apologize
for my interview.
I just get so nervous,
and I never say the right thing.
Happens to all of us.
At least I didn't throw up, which
I actually have done in an interview.
That probably hurt the interview.
Is this your first time in Chicago?
Yeah. Thanks.
I've only been here for six days.
But I'm starting to figure it out.
The lake is...
- ... that way.
- That way.
Right.
I'm glad you stopped by...
...because I didn't make any phone calls
yet. And so I can just tell you that...
...you got the job.
What?
- You're kidding, right?
- No, it's yours if you want it.
Of course I want it.
- Are you sure you're not kidding?
- Start next week.
Oh, my God!
I don't know what to say. Thank you.
- You're welcome. Good night.
- Good night.
- Are they closed?
- Closed.
- Keep them closed.
- I said, they're closed.
- Okay.
Open them.
All right.
That was very delicate, Doug.
What the...?
Oh, that's a drawer.
You know what?
- I love this drawer.
- Good.
Come here, you.
Come here.
You know what, I love sitting
out here on the porch with you.
- It's-
- Something new.
Something new.
Nice drawer.
It's a good touch, don't you think?
www.tvsubtitles.net
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org